Upgrade nav-native (#2079)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Deprecated `NavigationMapView.navigationMapDelegate` in favor of `NavigationMapView.navigationMapViewDelegate`. ([#2061](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2061))
* The `NavigationMapView.navigationMapViewDelegate` and `RouteVoiceController.voiceControllerDelegate` properties are now accessible in Objective-C. ([#2061](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2061))
* The sources added to the style by `NavigationMapView.showRoutes(_:legIndex:)` once again enables `MGLShapeSourceOptions.lineDistanceMetrics`. ([#2071](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2071))
* Deprecated `NavigationDirections.configureRouter(tilesURL:translationsURL:completionHandler:)` in favor of `NavigationDirections.configureRouter(tilesURL:completionHandler:)`. ([#2079](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2079))

> * Fixed an issue where using a route without voice instructions would result in a crash. ([#2079](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2079))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash that occurred if the `Route` lacked `SpokenInstruction` data, such as if the request was made using `RouteOptions` instead of `NavigationRouteOptions` or if the route was generated by a non-Mapbox API. ([#2079](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2079))
```
